{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10500\viewh10500\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 (after exposure to the bacterial protein)\
The patient is still healthy. Their immune system has been protected against exposure to the bacteria.\
\
(after exposure to the live bacteria)\
The patient becomes sick. Bacterial infections are very serious.\
\
(after the shot)\
The patient has a 95% chance of staying healthy when exposed to the live virus.\
\
(after exposure to the live virus)\
If the patient falls ill, there is nothing that he/she can take to get rid of the virus. You just have to wait for the body to work it out.\
\
(after the first shot)\
The patient has a 70% chance of avoiding getting sick when exposed to the live virus. If the patient gets sick, it is not as bad as if there was no protection. An additional shot will further boost the immune system.\
\
(after the second shot)\
The patient has a 95% chance of avoiding getting sick when exposed to the live virus.\
\
(after exposure to the bacteria)\
The patient is still healthy. Their immune system has been protected against the negative effects of the bacteria.\
\
(after taking antibiotics)\
The patient usually gets better within three days. However, it is very important to continue the treatment to the end so that the infection does no reoccur.\
\
(after exposure to the live virus)\
The patient remains healthy. The antibodies have helped to identify the live virus which have been absorbed by the body before they had a chance multiply.\
\
(after exposure to the live virus - 70% protection)\
There is a chance that the patient will become ill. However, because there are some antibodies present in the system from the first vaccination, the patient is better off than with no treatment. It would have been better to get the second vaccination before the patient came in contact with the virus!\
}